--------------------------------------------------------------------------
               RenderWare Graphics Example (win): Collis3
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

PURPOSE

The COLLIS3 example demonstrates the use of the RenderWare collision 
plugin (RpCollision) for the detection of collisions between atomics, and 
highlights the use of geometry collision data for improved performance.

The example shows several spheres being pushed around by a set of spinning
objects. This is not a realistic simulation - the algorithm is crude and
is used purely to illustrate the collision testing process (it is possible
for geometry to penetrate when a collision cannot be resolved).

On startup, the geometries of the bowl and spinners do not have collision 
data. During a sphere intersection test, every triangle in every spinner
is individually tested. In this state the frame-rate of the application is
limited by this testing.

Collision data may be built via the menu, and once created the performance
should improve. This data provides information to enable fast isolation of
the triangles in the geometry which potentially intersect the sphere 
before individual tests are performed.

Collision data generation is intended for offline use in custom tools and
exporters. The code provided with this example shows the simple steps
required to load an atomic, build geometry collision data and resave.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
GENERAL CONTROLS

SPACEBAR              - Toggle menu/help/plain mode.

ESC                   - Quit the application.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
MENU OPTIONS

RESET                 - Restarts the example, reverting to geometry
                        without collision data.

BUILD COLLISION DATA  - Builds geometry collision data for the 
                        the atomics used in the example. This should
                        significantly improve performance.

SAVE COLLISION DATA   - Saves the atomics with geometry collision data
                        if built.

FPS                   - Allows the user to read the number of frames per
                        second being rendered (updated every second).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
MENU CONTROLS

CURSOR UP and DOWN      - Select menu item.

CURSOR LEFT and RIGHT   - Modify menu item value or execute associated 
                          command.

Menu shortcut keys      - Modify menu item value or execute associated 
                          command.

Left mouse button drag  - Modify floating point value (if applicable) 
                          otherwise do what you would do in general 
                          controls.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP CONTROLS

CURSOR UP and DOWN      - Scroll a line at a time (autorepeat available).

PAGE UP and DOWN        - Scroll a page at a time.

Mouse Wheel scroll      - Scroll up or down the page using the mouse wheel
                          (if available).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
This demonstration program is copyright Criterion Software Limited 2003. 
Criterion Software grants you a license to use it only in the form as 
supplied. You may not disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer this 
demonstration program.

This demonstration program is provided as is with no warranties of any
kind. Criterion Software will not, under any circumstances, be liable for
any lost revenue or other damages arising from the use of this
demonstration program.

RenderWare is a registered trademark of Canon Inc.
Other trademarks acknowledged.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thu Feb 12 12:56:16 2004 -- build main eval ( 148160 )
