--------------------------------------------------------------------------
             RenderWare Graphics Example (win): Alpha-sorting
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

PURPOSE

The ALPHASRT example illustrates how a series of transparent atomics can
be sorted to ensure they are rendered in the correct order.

The method involves overriding each atomic's render callback in order to 
defer the rendering of transparent atomics. All atomics with alpha 
components are then rendered last, in back-to-front order, so as to
ensure correct rendering of the transparency.

An atomic is determined to be transparent if some degree of transparency
(alpha values not at their maximum value) is found in any of the 
following:

  (A) Prelight colors in the atomic's geometry.

  (B) Material colors in the atomic's geometry.

  (C) Pixel (or palette) colors in the material's texture.

On application startup, a list is created which contains all atomics
that are found to be transparent. This list is then used every frame
to determine another list that contains the transparent atomics sorted
with respect to distance from the camera. The 'position' of an atomic
is taken to mean the location of the atomic's bounding-sphere center. 

For this example a single clump is used which contains both transparent
atomics (six textured cones and a sphere) and non-transparent atomics
(three cylinders, all un-textured). The transparent atomics are colored 
red (R), green (G), blue (B), cyan (C), magenta (M), yellow (Y), and 
white (W). The opaque atomics are all colored white. Note that each 
transparent atomic uses only a single material whose color is used for 
identification purposes.

For the R, G and B atomics, the transparency comes from the texture 
alpha (the material colors are fully opaque). For the C, M and Y atomics 
the transparency comes from the material alpha (the textures are all 
fully opaque). The W atomic is un-textured and derives its transparency
from its material color.

The order in which the transparent atomics are rendered, both with and 
without alpha sorting, is indicated in the top right-hand corner of the
display.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
GENERAL CONTROLS

Left mouse button drag  - Rotate the clump.

Right mouse button drag - Translate the camera to and from the clump.

SPACEBAR                - Toggle menu/help/plain mode.

ESC                     - Quit the application.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
MENU OPTIONS

ALPHA SORTING           - Toggles the sorting of alpha atomics 
                          before rendering.

SPIN                    - Toggles the spinning of the clump. 
                          When enabled, left mouse button drag input is 
                          accumulated to generate spin. When disabled 
                          rotation is based relative to mouse movement.
                          
FPS                     - Allows the user to read the number of frames 
                          being rendered per second (updated every 
                          second).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
MENU CONTROLS

CURSOR UP and DOWN      - Select menu item.

CURSOR LEFT and RIGHT   - Modify menu item value or execute associated 
                          command.

Menu shortcut keys      - Modify menu item value or execute associated 
                          command.

Left mouse button drag  - Modify floating point value (if applicable) 
                          otherwise do what you would do in general 
                          controls.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP CONTROLS

CURSOR UP and DOWN      - Scroll a line at a time (autorepeat available).

PAGE UP and DOWN        - Scroll a page at a time.

Mouse Wheel scroll      - Scroll up or down the page using the mouse 
                          wheel (if available).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
This demonstration program is copyright Criterion Software Limited 2003. 
Criterion Software grants you a license to use it only in the form as 
supplied. You may not disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer this 
demonstration program.

This demonstration program is provided as is with no warranties of any
kind. Criterion Software will not, under any circumstances, be liable 
for any lost revenue or other damages arising from the use of this
demonstration program.

RenderWare is a registered trademark of Canon Inc.
Other trademarks acknowledged.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thu Feb 12 12:56:16 2004 -- build main eval ( 148160 )
